# Updated for PE02

Check pe02 folder for updates. I wanted practice with typescript so I created the project twice, once in jsx and once in tsx. Both projects are present in the repository. Check the pe02/images folder for screenshots from the jsx version.

## Movie List Filter

This app uses React functional components to display a list of
movies. Filtering is performed by genre using a select. The list of movies updates automatically on select of a new genre.

### Input:

- List of Movies: A list of movies was hardcoded into the `MovieList` component for testing.
- Genre Selection: A list of distinct genres was generated from the list of movies and passed to the `SelectListGenre` component. Once selected, the genre is passed to the parent `MovieList` via a callbackbunction`genreChangeHandler`.

### Processing:

- Distinct Genre: The `movieData` provides the data for the app. The `map` and `filter` functions are used generate the unique genres. These `distinctGenres` contain each genre present in the `movieData` array.

- Genre Filtering: The `MovieList` contains a `useState` hook to track the chosen genre. When a genre is empty all movies are display. When a genre is selected, the `filteredMovieData` array is generated by filtering the `movieData` based on the selected genre.

### Output:

- Movie List: The map function is used to send `filteredMovieData` to the `MovieListItem` component. The `MovieListItem` component display the information about the movie in a basic html/css card.

- Genre Select: Each of the unique genres are sent to the `SelectListGenre` component. This component uses the map function to render `select` with an `option` for each genre. When a genre is selected a `changeHandler` function is called. This function calls a calback function in the parent component to filter the data.
